MVP-16: Updated documentation (#44)
bcgov/citz-imb-sso-express: README.md

[![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript_5-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](Typescript)
[![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge)](Express)

# `Introduction`

> This npm package offers a seamless integration solution for React applications requiring authentication through the B.C. government's Single Sign-On SSO [CSS] service. Designed with ease of use in mind, this package abstracts the complexity of handling SSO protocols, providing developers with simple, high-level APIs to facilitate secure user authentication and authorization within their applications. By leveraging this package, developers can quickly implement a robust authentication flow, ensuring that their React applications are securely integrated with the B.C. government's standardized identity management system, thereby enhancing user experience and ensuring compliance with government security standards.

Author: ```suggestion
This npm package offers a seamless integration solution for Express applications requiring authentication through the B.C. government's Single Sign-On SSO [CSS] service. Designed with ease of use in mind, this package abstracts the complexity of handling SSO protocols, providing developers with simple, high-level APIs to facilitate secure user authentication and authorization within their applications. By leveraging this package, developers can quickly implement a robust authentication flow, ensuring that their React applications are securely integrated with the B.C. government's standardized identity management system, thereby enhancing user experience and ensuring compliance with government security standards.
```

> This npm package offers a seamless integration solution for Express applications requiring authentication through the B.C. government's Single Sign-On SSO ([CSS]) service. Designed with ease of use in mind, this package abstracts the complexity of handling SSO protocols, providing developers with simple, high-level APIs to facilitate secure user authentication and authorization within their applications. By leveraging this package, developers can quickly implement a robust authentication flow, ensuring that their React applications are securely integrated with the B.C. government's standardized identity management system, thereby enhancing user experience and ensuring compliance with government security standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This npm package offers a high-level API on the B.C. government's Single Sign-On SSO ([CSS]) service for Express applications. High-level APIs abstract the complexity of handling SSO protocols for authentication and authorization. By using this package developers can create a secure Express application and meet B.C government security standards.
```

Author: How about this:

This npm package offers a simple integration solution for Express applications requiring authentication through the B.C. government's Single Sign-On SSO ([CSS]) service. It abstracts the complexity of handling SSO protocols manually. By using this package, developers can quickly implement authentication and authorization in their Express applications to meet B.C. government security standards.

Reviewer: take the 'simple' out of the first line (and change a to an) and we have a deal :D

> This npm package offers a seamless integration solution for Express applications requiring authentication through the B.C. government's Single Sign-On SSO ([CSS]) service. Designed with ease of use in mind, this package abstracts the complexity of handling SSO protocols, providing developers with simple, high-level APIs to facilitate secure user authentication and authorization within their applications. By leveraging this package, developers can quickly implement a robust authentication flow, ensuring that their React applications are securely integrated with the B.C. government's standardized identity management system, thereby enhancing user experience and ensuring compliance with government security standards.

Author: ```suggestion
This npm package offers an integration solution for Express applications requiring authentication through the B.C. government's Single Sign-On SSO ([CSS]) service. It abstracts the complexity of handling SSO protocols manually. By using this package, developers can quickly implement authentication and authorization in their Express applications to meet B.C. government security standards.
```

- Built for a NodeJS:20 Express API.
- For [CSS] Gold Standard with usecase set as `Browser Login and Service Account`.
- Works with Vanilla JavaScript or TypeScript 5. [![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000)](https://www.javascript.com/) [![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)  
- For use with [@bcgov/citz-imb-sso-react]

<br />

[Documentation] - `Installation, setup and usage guides.`

<br />

> [!IMPORTANT] 
> This package does not replicate the functionality of the [CSS] service or the provided [example apps].   
> The [CITZ IMB Common Code] team created and maintains this package.  
> Read more about the [Purpose and Benefits of This Package].

<br />

#### `For Developers working on this package:`

> In our documentation, we emphasize the inclusion of detailed explanations on our code to significantly enhance onboarding efficiency, ensuring that new team members can quickly become productive by understanding the project's architecture and operational dynamics without extensive hand-holding. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our documentation, we emphasize the inclusion of detailed explanations on our code to significantly enhance onboarding efficiency, ensuring that new team members can quickly become productive by understanding the project's architecture and operational dynamics. 
```

> By making our project's infrastructure transparent and accessible, we encourage collaboration, enabling developers to easily navigate and contribute to different parts of the codebase without unnecessary barriers. Ultimately, this practice of enriching our documentation contributes to creating a self-documenting codebase, where the project's structure and operational commands are clearly defined and updated within the repository itself, making the project more maintainable and scalable over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage collaboration by making our project's infrastructure transparent and accessible. Enabling developers to easily navigate and contribute to different parts of the codebase without barriers. Enriching our documentation contributes to a self-documenting codebase. The project's structure and commands are defined and updated within the repository itself. Ultimately, making the project more maintainable and scalable over time.
```

Use the links below to help you understand the codebase better.

- [Directory Structure]
- [Scripts]
- [Publishing a New Release Version]

<br />

[Return to Top](#bcgov-sso-integration-for-express)

<!-- Link References -->
[CSS]: https://bcgov.github.io/sso-requests
[@bcgov/citz-imb-sso-react]: https://github.com/bcgov/citz-imb-sso-react
[GitHub Repository]: https://github.com/bcgov/citz-imb-sso-express
[NPM Package]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bcgov/citz-imb-sso-express
[example apps]: https://github.com/bcgov/keycloak-example-apps
[CITZ IMB Common Code]: mailto:citz.codemvp@gov.bc.ca?subject=SSO%20Packages%20Support
[Purpose and Benefits of This Package]: https://github.com/bcgov/citz-imb-sso-express/wiki/Purpose-and-Benefits-of-This-Package

[Documentation]: https://github.com/bcgov/citz-imb-sso-express/wiki

> [Directory Structure]: https://github.com/bcgov/citz-imb-sso-express/wiki/b2-Directory-Structure
> [Scripts]: https://github.com/bcgov/citz-imb-sso-express/wiki/b3-Scripts
> [Publishing a New Release Version]: https://github.com/bcgov/citz-imb-sso-express/wiki/b4-Publishing-a-New-Release-Version

Author: ```suggestion
[Directory Structure]: https://github.com/bcgov/citz-imb-sso-express/wiki/11-Directory-Structure
[Scripts]: https://github.com/bcgov/citz-imb-sso-express/wiki/12-Scripts
[Publishing a New Release Version]: https://github.com/bcgov/citz-imb-sso-express/wiki/13-Publishing-a-New-Release-Version
```
